1. Paste from the clipboard history
   Press   Ctrl   Shift   V   to select the text fragment that you have previously copied to the clipboard.
   
The Rename refactoring
You can easily rename your classes, methods, and variables with automatic correction of all places where they are used.
Position the caret at the symbol you want to rename, and press   Shift   F6   (Refactor | Rename). Type the new name and press   ↩ Enter  .

Expand code selection
Press   Ctrl   W   to expand code selection. Each time you press   Ctrl   W  , the selection expands to other areas of code.
For example, the selection expands from a method name to the expression calling this method, then to the whole statement, then to the containing block, and so on.

Preview search results
You can use the Preview area of the Find in Files dialog (  Ctrl   Shift   F  ) for quicker search without leaving the dialog. The Preview dialog displays the first 100 results. 


Search Everywhere
Press   Shift   twice to search for files, actions, symbols, UI elements, Git branches and comments across your project. Pressing double   Shift   again, will extend the search to non-project items.
Use tabs or direct shortcuts   Ctrl   N   for classes,   Ctrl   Shift   N   for files,   Ctrl   Alt   Shift   N   for symbols, and   Ctrl   Shift   A   for actions to narrow your search results.

Find and replace
Press   Ctrl   F   to display the search bar. Press   Ctrl   R   to add another field where you can type the replace string.
In the Find in Files dialog, you can switch to replace by pressing   Ctrl   Shift   R  . Similarly, press   Ctrl   Shift   F   to hide the Replace with field and switch to regular search.

Speed search in tree views
Speed search is available in all tree views, for example, in the Project tool window. Start typing, and you'll quickly locate the necessary item.

Improve code with context actions
Press   Alt   ↩ Enter   in the editor to fix a highlighted error or warning, improve, or optimize a code construct. For some intention actions, you can open a preview or an action description by pressing   Ctrl   Q   (View | Quick Documentation).